JavaScript MA03
----------------
Level 2

1. In your own words, describe what JavaScript Code Style is.
It is important to have a good, clear and consistent JavaScript Code Style
so your JavaScript is neat and easy to read. If a program is written and expressed
well, we have a better chance to understand it so that it can be correctly modified,
repaired and improved. It is important to be conscious of the use of whitespace,
indentation, statements (multiple statements on a line can be misread), comments
and braces (putting { at the end of a line instead of the front).

Code that appears to mean one thing but actually means another is likely to cause
bugs.




2. What is a Regular Expression?
Regular Expression use special codes to detect patterns in strings of text and
provide a quick and easy way of matching a string to a pattern. You can set
up a Regular Expression by using a forward slash at the start and end.





3. What does the .random() method do?
The .random () method returns a pseudo-random number between 0 and 1.






4. What does the .sort() method do?
The .sort () method sorts the string in alphabetical order.






5. What does the .reverse() method do?
The .reverse () method reverse the order of the string.





6. List two examples of bad JavaScript code.

01. The == (double equals sign).
JavaScript will force one of the values or mutate it to be of the same data type
as the other. You will not get an accurate test of your variables.

02. Global variables.
Global variables are slower to find than local or function scope variables. They
can also easily be overwritten if the developer forgot that they had declared a
variable as global. If your global variable share the same name as one of your
other variables, your program is also going to throw some sort of error.





7. What data types can a JSON object contain?

A JSON object can contain 6 data types :

01. Objects
02. Arrays
03. Strings
04. Numbers
05. Booleans
06. Null





8. What is minifying JavaScript Code?
Minifying JavaScript Code is the process of compression code from the original
size to the smallest size and does not affect to the operation of the code.
Minification modifies JavaScript files and makes them compact,
thereby improving website performance.




9. What is a global variable?
A global variable is a variable that is visible in every scope. The whole
application have access to this variable.
